Usage:
  PasHi { <filename> | <command> }

PasHi takes any number of file names and commands as parameters, in any order.

By default Pascal source code is read from standard input, which may be
redirected. If one or more file names is entered on the command line then input
is taken from the file(s). Multiple files are concatenated before highlighting.
Supported input file encodings are ANSI, UTF-8, UTF-16LE, UTF-16BE. The last
three file types must have appropriate byte order marks at the beginning of the
file.

Unless changed using the options below, output is sent to stdout, which may be
redirected. The default output encoding is UTF-8 with byte order mark.

PasHi supports the following commands:

--branding            -b    Determines if PasHi includes branding information
                            as a comment in HTML fragments. --branding
                            requires the next parameter to supply one of the
                            following values:
                              yes - include branding [default]
                              no - no branding.
                            Alternatively use -b+ to include branding or -b- to
                            exclude it.
--default-css               Embed the program's default CSS in a <style> tag in
                            HTML documents [default].
--doc-type            -d    Specifies the output document type, which must be
                            supplied in the next parameter. Values are:
                              xhtml - output complete XHTML document [default]
                              html4 - output complete HTML 4 document
                              html5 - output complete HTML 5 document
                              fragment - output only a <div> block containing
                                the highlighted code, compatible with XHTML,
                                HTML 4 and HTML 5.
--embed-css           -s    Reads CSS from a file and embeds it in a <style>
                            tag in the output HTML document. The name of the
                            CSS file must be supplied in the next parameter.
                            File names containing no path information are read
                            from PasHi's application data directory.
--encoding            -e    Specifies the output encoding. The next
                            parameter must provide one of the following values:
                              utf-8 [default]
                              utf-16 (or unicode)
                              windows-1252 (or latin-1)
                              iso-8859-1.
--help                -h    Displays this help screen. Do not use with other
                            commands.
--hide-css            -c    Determines whether any embedded CSS is enclosed in
                            HTML comments to prevent older browsers from
                            displaying it. --hide-css requires the next
                            parameter to supply one of the following values:
                              yes - enclose CSS in comments
                              no - do not enclose CSS [default]
                            Alternatively use -c+ to enclose CSS in comments or
                            -c- not to do so.
--input-clipboard     -r    Read source code from the clipboard instead of
                            stdin or file(s).
--input-stdin               Read source code from stdin [default].
--language            -l    Specifies the language used for the output
                            document. The following parameter must contain a
                            language code that HTML recognises. E.g. "en" or
                            "en-gb".
--language-neutral          Outputs no language information [default].
--legacy-css                Determines which CSS class names are used in the
                            output HTML document. These can either the current
                            names or the same names used in PasHi v1. The next
                            parameter must supply one of the following values:
                              yes - use PasHi v1 CSS class names
                              no - use current CSS class names [default].
--line-numbering      -n    Switches line numebring on or off. --line-numbering
                            requires the next parameter to supply one of the
                            following values:
                              on - number each line of source code
                              off - do not number source code lines [default].
                            Alternatively use -n+ to enable line numbering or
                            -n- to disable it.
--line-number-padding -p    Determines type of padding character to use when
                            a line number is less than the available width. The
                            next parameter specifies the character to use and
                            must be one of:
                              space - pad with space characters [default]
                              zero - pad with zeros
                              dash - pad with dashes (-)
                              dot - pad with dots (.).
--line-number-width   -i    Determines minimum width, in characters, occupied
                            by line numbers. Line numbers are padded to this
                            width if necessary. The next parameter specifies
                            a width in the range 1..6 [default 3].
--link-css            -k    Generates a <link> tag in the output HTML document
                            that references an external CSS file. A full or
                            partial URL must be specified in the next
                            parameter.
--output-clipboard    -w    Writes output to the clipboard as Unicode text.
                            Ignores the --encoding command.
--output-file         -o    Writes output to the file that is named in the
                            following parameter.
--output-stdout             Writes output to stdout [default].
--quiet               -q    Sets quiet mode. Alias for "--verbosity quiet".
--separator-lines           Specifies the number of blank lines to be used to
                            separate source code from multiple input files. The
                            next parameter must specify the number of lines in
                            the range 0..16 [default 1].
--striping                  Specifies whether alternate lines of source code
                            in output are styled differently or are the same.
                            The next parameter must supply one of the following
                            values:
                              on - style alternate lines differently
                              off - all lines have same appearance [default].
--title               -t    Sets the title used for the output document. The
                            next parameter must contain the required text. To
                            include spaces surround the text in double quotes.
--title-default             Uses the program's default title for the output
                            document [default].
--trim                -m    Determines whether input documents are trimmed of
                            leading and trailing blank lines. --trim requires
                            the next parameter to supply one of the following
                            values:
                              yes - trim [default]
                              no - do not trim
                            Alternatively use -m+ to trim or -m- to prevent
                            trimming.
--verbosity                 Specifies the amount of output from the program.
                            The next parameter must specify one of:
                              normal - sign-on, error and completion messages
                                [default]
                              quiet - error messages only

Default commands can be changed by editing the "config" file stored in PasHi's
application data directory. Commands are listed one per line and have the same
names as the long form commands above, but without the leading "--". If a
command takes a parameter it must be entered on the same line as the command
and separated from it by one or more spaces. Parameters containing spaces must
not be enclosed in quotes.

PasHi's application data directory is %AppData%\DelphiDabbler\PasHi.